README: github workflow files (#90)
qiime2/package-integration: .github/workflows/README.md

# QIIME 2 Package Integration: Github Workflows

> This directory contains all of the scripts used for generating the Github workflow files for each package build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains all of the scripts used for generating the Github workflow files for each epoch.
```
